Played by: [[Sean]]

#Backstory: The half-elf was born to an evil Drow noble and a human slave, and sent to retrieve a good aligned artifact from the ancient jungle ruins. When he summoned his Eidolon for the first time, unknowingly, it was summoned from Celestia. The Eidolon hid it’s alignment until they met a cleric of Brigh who was guarding a good aligned artifact. When the summoner lost consciousness during the fight, instead of the Eidolon being dismissed to it’s home plane, the goddess presented a choice. The Eidolon could go back to Celestia to never be summoned again. Or the memory of the summoner would be rewritten. For better or worse, Streeaka chose the latter. Now Shavrak believes that his father sent him to the Valashmai Jungle to recover an artifact to save their family from an age old curse. In fact, they were sent to destroy a powerful magic item to appease the spider queen and allow the family back into her favor. When coming in contact with an artifact created by a magic user of 15th level or higher, Shavrak believes that holding the artifact will drain it’s power and the curse will be removed. As Brigh is a neutral deity, a choice between good and evil will be given... the summoner’s memory will be reinstated when touching said artifact. If he chooses to destroy it, Shavrak’s alignment will return to neutral evil and Streeaka will be instantly slain and it’s soul will be given to Lolth. If he chooses otherwise, he will keep: 1- his neutral good alignment, 2- his Eidolon, 3- the memory that he turned his back on his family, and 4- gain the ire of Lolth.